a s.f. e m.inv
a prep
abbagliante p.pres
abbaiare v.intr. e tr
abbandonare v.tr
abbandonato p.pass
abbandono s.m
abbassare v.tr
abbasso avv
abbastanza avv
abbattere v.tr
abbeverare v.tr
abbigliamento s.m.,
abbinare v.tr
abbonamento s.m
abbonare v.tr
abbondante p.pres
abbondare v.intr
abbottonare v.tr
abbracciare
abbraccio s.m
abbreviare v.tr
abbronzare v.tr
abete s.m
abile 
abilità s.f.inv
abisso s.m
abitante p.pres
abitare v.intr. e tr
abitazione s.f
abito s.m
abituale 
abituare v.tr
abitudine s.f
abolire v.tr
abortire v.intr
aborto s.m
abruzzese 
abusare v.intr
abuso s.m
acca s.f. e m.inv
accademia s.f
accademico 
accadere v.intr
accampamento s.m
accanto avv
accappatoio s.m
accarezzare v.tr
accattone s.m
accavallare v.tr
accecare v.tr
accedere v.intr
accelerare v.tr. e intr
acceleratore 
accelerazione s.f
accendere v.tr
accendino s.m.,
accennare v.tr. e intr
accenno s.m
accentare v.tr
accertamento s.m
accertare v.tr
acceso p.pass
accesso s.m
accessorio 
accetta s.f
accettabile agg
accettare v.tr
acchiappare v.tr
acciacco s.m
acciaio s.m
accidente s.m
acciuga
accogliente p.pres
accoglienza s.f
accogliere v.tr
accoltellare v.tr
accomodare v.tr. e intr
accompagnare v.tr.,
acconsentire v.intr. e tr
accontentare v.tr
accorciare v.tr
accordare v.tr
accordo s.m
accorgersi v.pronom.intr
accorrere v.intr
accostare v.tr. e intr
accudire v.intr. e tr
accumulare v.tr
accumulatore agg
accurato p.pass
accusa
accusare v.tr
accento s.m
acerbo agg
aceto s.m
acido agg
acqua s.f
acquarello s.m
acquario s.m
acquasanta
acquisire v.tr
acquisizione s.f
acquistare v.tr. e intr
acquisto s.m
acquolina s.f
acrobata s.m. e f
acuto agg
adattare v.tr
adattatore s.m
adatto agg
addetto p.pass
addio inter
addirittura avv
addizione s.f
addobbare v.tr
addolcire v.tr
addomesticare v.tr
addormentarsi v.pronom.intr
addormentato p.pass
addossare v.tr
addosso avv
addrizzare v.tr
adeguare v.tr
adeguato p.pass
aderente p.pres
aderire v.intr.,
adesione s.f
adesso avv
adolescente agg
adolescenza s.f
adoperare v.tr
adorare v.tr
adottare v.tr.,
adozione s.f
adriatico agg
adulto agg
aereo agg
aereo s.m
aeroplano s.m
aeroporto s.m
afa s.f
affacciare
affamare v.tr
affamato p.pass
affannarsi v.pronom.intr
affannato p.pass
affanno s.m.,
affare s.m
affascinante p.pres
affascinare v.tr
affaticare v.tr
affatto avv
affermare v.tr
affermazione s.f
afferrare
affettare v.tr
affettato p.pass
affetto s.m
affetto agg
affettuoso agg
affezionato p.pass
affiancare v.tr
affidamento s.m
affidare v.tr
affilato p.pass
affinché cong
affittare v.tr
affitto s.m
affogare v.tr. e intr
affollare v.tr
affondare v.tr. e intr
affresco s.m
affrontare v.tr
affumicare v.tr
africano agg
agenda s.f
agente
agenzia s.f
agganciare v.tr
aggettivo s.m
aggiornamento s.m
aggiornare v.tr
aggirare v.tr
aggiungere v.tr
aggiustare v.tr
aggrapparsi v.pronom.intr
aggravare v.tr
aggredire v.tr
aggressione s.f
aggressivo agg
agiato p.pass
agile agg
agio s.m
agire v.intr
agitare v.tr
agitazione s.f
aglio s.m
agnello s.m
ago s.m.,
agonia s.f
agosto s.m
agricolo agg
agricoltore s.m
agricoltura s.f
agrume s.m
aguzzare v.tr
aguzzo agg
aiuola s.f
aiutare v.tr
aiuto s.m
ala s.f
alba s.f
albanese agg
albergo s.m
albero s.m
albicocca s.f
album s.m.inv
alcol s.m
alcuno agg.indef
alfabeto s.m
alga s.f
algerino agg
alieno agg
alimentare agg
alimentare v.tr
alimentari s.m.inv
alimentazione s.f
alimento s.m
alito s.m
allacciare v.tr
allagare
allargare v.tr. e intr
allarmare v.tr
allarme s.m
allattare v.tr
alleanza s.f
allearsi v.pronom.intr
alleato p.pass
allegato p.pass
alleggerire v.tr
allegria s.f
allegro agg
allenamento s.m
allenare v.tr
allenatore
allentare v.tr
allergia s.f
allevare v.tr
allievo s.m
allineare v.tr
alloggio s.m
allontanare v.tr
allora avv.,
alluce s.m
alludere v.intr
alluminio s.m
allungare v.tr
alluvione s.f
almeno avv
alquanto agg.indef
altalena s.f
altamente avv
altare s.m
alterare v.tr
alternare v.tr. e intr
alternativa s.f
alternativo agg
alterno
altezza s.f
alto agg
altoatesino agg
altopiano s.m
altrettanto agg.indef
altrimenti avv
altro agg.indef
altrove avv
altrui agg.poss.inv
alunno s.m
alveare s.m.,
alzare v.tr
amante p.pres
amare v.tr
amaro agg
amato p.pass
ambasciata s.f
ambientale
ambientare v.tr
ambiente s.m
ambito s.m
ambizione s.f
ambulanza s.f
americano agg
amicizia s.f
amico agg
ammaccare v.tr
ammalarsi v.pronom.intr
ammalato p.pass
ammanettare v.tr
ammassare v.tr
ammasso s.m
ammazzare v.tr
ammettere v.tr
amministrativo agg
amministratore s.m.,
amministrazione s.f
ammirare v.tr
ammissione s.f
ammobiliare v.tr
ammoniaca s.f
ammorbidente p.pres
ammucchiare v.tr
ammuffire v.intr
amore s.m
amoroso agg
ampiamente avv
ampio agg
amplificatore
analcolico agg
analfabeta agg
analisi s.f.inv
analitico agg
analizzare v.tr
analogo agg
ananas
anarchico agg
anatra s.f
anche cong
anconetano agg
ancora avv
ancorare v.tr
andamento s.m
andare v.intr
andata s.f
anello s.m
angelo s.m
angolare agg
angolo s.m
angoscia s.f
anima s.f
animale s.m
animale agg
animare v.tr
animato p.pass
animo s.m
annacquare v.tr
annaffiare v.tr.,
annebbiare v.tr. e intr
anniversario s.m
anno s.m
annodare v.tr
annoiare v.tr
annotare v.tr
annuale agg
annuire v.intr
annullare v.tr
annunciare v.tr
annuncio s.m
annusare v.tr
anonimo agg
ansia s.f
ansioso agg
antartico agg
antenna s.f
anteprima s.f
anteriore agg
anticalcare agg
antichità s.f.inv
anticipare v.tr
anticipo s.m
antico agg
antipasto s.m
antirughe agg.inv
antropologia s.f
anulare agg
anzi avv
anziano
anziché cong
aostano agg
ape s.f
aperitivo s.m
aperto p.pass
apertura s.f
aspettativa s.f
apostolo s.m
appalto s.m
appannare v.tr
apparato s.m
apparecchiare v.tr
apparecchiatura s.f
apparecchio s.m.,
apparente p.pres
apparentemente avv
apparenza s.f
apparire v.intr
apparizione s.f
appartamento s.m
appartenenza s.f
appartenere v.intr
appassionare v.tr
appassionarsi v.pronom.intr
appassionato p.pass
appello s.m.,
appena avv
appendere v.tr
appendicite s.f
appenninico agg
appeso p.pass
appiccicare v.tr. e intr
appiglio
applauso s.m
applicare v.tr
applicazione s.f
appoggiare v.tr. e intr
appoggio s.m
apposito agg
apposta avv
apprendere v.tr
apprendimento s.m
apprendista s.m. e f
apprezzare v.tr
approccio s.m
approfittare v.intr
approfondimento s.m
approfondire v.tr
approvare v.tr
approvazione s.f
appuntamento s.m
appuntire v.tr
appunto s.m
appunto avv
aprile s.m
aprire v.tr. e intr
apriscatole s.m.inv
aquila s.f
aquilano agg
aquilone s.m
arabo agg.,
arachide s.f
aragosta s.f
aranciata s.f
arancio s.m
arare v.tr
aratro s.m
arbitro s.m
archeologo s.m
architettare v.tr
architetto s.m
architettonico agg
architettura s.f
archiviare v.tr
archivio s.m
arco s.m
arcobaleno s.m
area
argentino agg
argento s.m
argomentare v.tr. e intr
argomentazione s.f
argomento s.m
aria s.f
aristocratico
aritmetica s.f
aritmetico agg
arma s.f
armadio s.m
armamento s.m
armare v.tr
armato p.pass
armonia s.f
aroma s.m
arrabbiarsi v.pronom.intr
arrampicarsi v.pronom.intr
arredamento s.m
arredare v.tr
arrendersi v.pronom.intr
arrendersi v.pronom.intr
arrestare v.tr
arresto s.m
arricchire v.tr. e intr
arrivare v.intr. e tr
arrivederci inter
arrivo s.m
arrosto s.m
arrugginire v.tr. e intr
arte s.f
arteria s.f
artico agg
articolare v.tr
articolazione s.f
articolo s.m
artificiale agg
artigianale agg
artigiano s.m
artiglieria s.f
artiglio
artista s.m. e f
artistico agg
ascella s.f
ascensore s.m
ascesa s.f
ascesso s.m
ascia s.f
asciugamano s.m.,
asciugare v.tr. e intr
asciutto agg
ascoltare v.tr
ascolto s.m
asfaltare v.tr
asfalto s.m
asiatico agg
asilo s.m.,
asino s.m
asma s.f. e m
asparago s.m
aspettare v.tr. e intr
aspetto s.m
aspirapolvere s.m.inv
aspirare v.tr. e intr
aspirazione s.f
aspro agg
assaggiare v.tr
assaggio s.m
assai avv
assalire v.tr
assaltare v.tr
assalto
assaporare v.tr
assassinare v.tr
assassinio s.m
assassino s.m
asse s.m
assediare v.tr
assegnare v.tr
assegno
assemblea s.f
assente agg
assenza s.f
assicurare v.tr
assicurazione s.f
assieme avv
assistente
assistenza s.f
assistere v.intr. e tr
associare v.tr
associazione s.f
assolutamente avv
assoluto
assoluzione s.f
assolvere v.tr
assomigliare v.intr. e tr
assorbente p.pres
assorbire v.tr
assordare v.tr.,
assumere v.tr
assunzione s.f
assurdo agg
asta s.f
astemio agg
astratto p.pass
astronave s.f.,
astuccio s.m
astuto agg
astuzia s.f
ateniese agg
ateo agg
atlantico agg
atleta s.m. e f
atmosfera s.f.,
atomica s.f
atomico agg
atomo s.m
atrio s.m
atroce agg
attaccante p.pres
attaccapanni s.m.inv
attaccare
attacco s.m
atteggiamento s.m
atteggiare v.tr
attendere v.tr. e intr
attenere v.intr
attentamente avv.,
attentare v.intr
attentato s.m
attento agg
attenzione s.f
atterraggio s.m
atterrare v.tr. e intr
attesa s.f
attestare
attimo s.m
attingere v.tr
attirare v.tr
attivare v.tr
attività s.f
attivo agg
atto s.m
attore s.m
attorno avv
attrarre v.tr
attraversare v.tr
attraverso prep
attrazione s.f
attrezzare v.tr
attrezzatura s.f
attrezzo s.m.,
attribuire v.tr
attrice s.f
attuale agg
attualità s.f
attualmente avv
attuare v.tr
augurare v.tr. e intr
augurio s.m
aula s.f.,
aumentare v.tr. e intr
aumento s.m
australiano agg
austriaco agg
autentico agg
autista s.m. e f
auto
autoambulanza s.f
autobotte s.f
autobus s.m.inv
autografo agg
automaticamente avv
automatico agg
automobile s.f
automobilista s.m. e f
autonomia s.f
autonomo agg
autore s.m
autorevole agg
autorità s.f.inv
autorizzare v.tr
autoscontro s.m
autoscuola s.f
autostop s.m.inv
autostrada s.f
autotreno s.m
autunno s.m
avambraccio
avanguardia s.f
avanti avv
avanzare v.intr. e tr
avanzato
avanzo s.m
avarizia s.f
avaro agg
avena s.f
avere v.tr
aviazione s.f
avvantaggiare v.tr
avvelenare v.tr
avvelenato p.pass
avvenimento s.m
avvenire agg.inv
avventura s.f
avverare v.tr
avversario
avvertire v.tr
avviamento s.m
avviare v.tr
avvicinare v.tr
avvio s.m
avvisare v.tr
avviso s.m
avvitare
avvocato s.m
avvolgere v.tr
azienda s.f
aziendale agg
azione s.f
azione s.f
azzardare v.tr
azzardo s.m
azzurro
